well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I guess we need to talk about
Venezuela
okay so what's happening we're trying to
start a coup that that's what's
happening we're trying to institute
regime change and there are a bunch of
talking points about why we should do
this and I think we need to talk about
them okay so the first is we have to
preserve democracy in Venezuela by
recognizing people that weren't elected
as the legitimate government mmm that
that doesn't make a whole lot of sense
and then when you bring that out there
like well it was a rigged election was
it though was it really rigged is it
doesn't seem like it see the opposition
party called for a boycott of the
election voter turnout was really low it
appears that their followers did what
they asked they boycotted the election
therefore they lost that that's kind of
how that works now as far as it being
rigged and one of the signs of a rigged
election is high voter turnout not low
see when you stuff the ballot boxes it
appears more people voted than did so if
you have a record low voter turnout odds
are it wasn't read odds are is that the
opposition party boycotted the election
but that really doesn't matter because
that election was in 2018 and the plans
for regime change in Venezuela predate
that in July of 2017 the CIA director is
on record talking about the attempts to
trigger
a transition I think was the word he
used so we can get rid of that right off
the back democracy has nothing to do
with it nothing the other talking point
is we need to go down there because of
human rights violations their police are
shooting people on the street and that
that actually does look like that is
happening to some degree to more than is
acceptable certainly but did that really
warrant a US response because if it does
I'm wondering when we're gonna stop
propping up Duarte in the Philippines
we're gonna stop back in Saudi Arabia
u.s. doesn't care about human rights it
never has it never has that is not
something that influences u.s. foreign
policy that's more out by the fact that
if it's a dictator that is in our pocket
they can do whatever they want
the only time Human Rights gets brought
up as far as foreign policy is when it's
time to convince you that it's time to
go invade some country or trigger regime
change so that's not it either not the
real reason you know what could be the
real reason Exxon and Chevron getting
thrown out that might have something to
do with it it's normally about money
normally about money and it doesn't
matter who gets hurt in the pursuit of
that money and Venezuela is a very very
very large supplier of oil and huge
reserves huge known reserves now what
happens if this little coup is
successful same thing that always
happens when one of our little coos is
successful a bunch of refugees are
created where they going to go
that's right some of them will settle
along the way but a lot of them will end
up at our southern border which is funny
because right now we're at a 40-year low
for border apprehensions which is the
metric used to determine illegal border
crossings 40-year low there is no
national emergency at the border that's
a lie
Trump is line border patrols own numbers
will tell you that he's making it up
he's using it as a scare tactic to
energize his base period but there may
actually be a crisis if this coup goes
off especially if it turns violent and
it might Maduro does have a significant
amount of support even with everything
that's going on now I'm sure somebody is
going to want to debate the merits of
socialism versus capitalism and that is
an argument to have but prior to getting
into it I would ask yourself a is the
fact that a nation operates under a
socialist system called enough to wage
an economic war against it and collapse
their economy to quote make their
economy screen and if it is when the
economy does scream and things turn bad
does that really reflect on socialism
the other question that you'd have to
ask is a free-market really what's in
competition with Venezuela socialism
right now or is it the type of crony
capitalism that gets Saudi Arabia to
flood the market with oil and their fire
therefore destabilize the one rail
export that Venezuela has
anyway it just might be better for the
u.s. to sit this one out maybe this
isn't our our job
it certainly showcases America's
hypocrisy well we sit here at home and
whine about possible foreign influence
in our elections and we openly try to
trigger a coup in another country anyway
it's just a fault
y'all have a good night